.TH DEVTO 1
.SH NAME
devto \- CLI for dev.to based on DEV API(beta) https://docs.forem.com/api/.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR devto  
[COMMANDS]  
[DATA]  
[SUBCOMMANDS]  
[FLAGS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
This documentation describes the devto cli.
.BR devto
cli may be managed using the following COMMANDS;

.IP \[bu]
.BR admin-config
Retrieve or update admin configuration from dev.to

.IP \[bu]
.BR articles 
Retrieve, Create and Update the articles
.RS
.BR SUBCOMMANDS: 

.BR create:
Create and article.

.BR update: 
Update an article.

.BR latest:
Retrieve the latest articles.

.BR videos: 
Retrieve the articles with videos.

.BR me:
Retrieve the articles of the authenticated user.
.RE

.IP \[bu]
.BR auth
Store api_key on a config file. The default name of the config file is .devto

.IP \[bu]
.BR comments
Retrieve comments
.RS
.BR FLAGS: 

.BR -a_id:
id of article 

.BR -p_id:
id of podcasts episode

.BR -id:
id del comentario
.RE

.IP \[bu]
.BR followers
Retrieve followers

.IP \[bu]
.BR listings
Retrieve and Create listings
.RS
.BR SUBCOMMANDS: 

.BR create:
Create a new listing. 

.RE

.IP \[bu]
.BR organizations
Retrieve organizations
.RS
.BR DATA: 
organization username 

.BR FLAGS: 

.BR -u:
Return users on an organization.

.BR -l:
listings on an organization

.BR -a:
articles on an organization
.RE

.IP \[bu]
.BR podcasts
Retrieve podcasts

.IP \[bu]
.BR profile_images
Retrieve, Create and Update the profile image

.IP \[bu]
.BR reading_lists
Retrieve reading lists.

.IP \[bu]
.BR tags
Retrieve tags availables.
.RS
.BR SUBCOMMANDS: 

.BR follows: 
retrieves tags that user authenticated is following
.RE

.IP \[bu]
.BR webhooks
Retrieve, Create and Delete the webhooks
.RS
.BR SUBCOMMANDS: 

.BR create: 
creates a webhook

.BR delete: 
delete webhook
.RE

.SH EXAMPLES

Store api_key
.RS
$ devto auth <api_key>
.RE

Retrieve articles
.RS
$ devto articles
.RE

Retrieve articles with queries
.RS
$ devto articles -q
.RE

Retrieve an article buy its id
.RS
$ devto articles <id>
.RE

Retrieve an article body markdown
.RS
$ devto articles <id> -b
.RE

Retrieve articles by username
.RS
$ devto articles <username>
.RE

Create an article 
.RS
$ devto articles create
.RE

Update an article 
.RS
$ devto articles update <id>
.RE

.SH BUGS
If you run into any bugs, have suggestions or patches, please contact me at
.BR <gealbermorales@gmail.com>

.SH AUTHOR
.BR Devto
developed by Gealber Morales
.BR <gealbermorales@gmail.com>
